Assignment 6 readme File

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What is your name?

Jonah Johnson

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What is your name?

Jeffrey Xu

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What authorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? COPY THE LIST of authorized sources of
information given in the "Policies" web page (also available on armlab
in the file ~cos217/AuthorizedSourcesList ) to this section of the
readme file, and edit it as appropriate.


The course's lectures.

The course's precepts.

The course's website.

Documents that are referenced directly by the course's website. Such 
documents include the course's lecture slides and precept handouts.

The course's textbooks and reference manuals.

The man pages on the armlab cluster.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through office hours.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through Ed.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What authorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? COPY THE LIST of authorized sources of
information given in the "Policies" web page (also available on armlab
in the file ~cos217/AuthorizedSourcesList ) to this section of the
readme file, and edit it as appropriate.

The course's lectures.

The course's precepts.

The course's website.

Documents that are referenced directly by the course's website. Such 
documents include the course's lecture slides and precept handouts.

The man pages on the armlab cluster.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through office hours.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through Ed.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What unauthorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? List any unauthorized sources of information
that you used to complete the assignment, and describe how you used
them. The course "Policies" web page defines unauthorized sources of
information, and any source that you have used but not listed in the
authorized sources should be included here. Please note that using an
unauthorized source may trigger a course penalty, and depending on the
nature of the interaction, may additionally require the interaction
being reported to the Committee on Discipline. Write "None" if you used
no unauthorized sources of information.

None

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What unauthorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? List any unauthorized sources of information
that you used to complete the assignment, and describe how you used
them. The course "Policies" web page defines unauthorized sources of
information, and any source that you have used but not listed in the
authorized sources should be included here. Please note that using an
unauthorized source may trigger a course penalty, and depending on the
nature of the interaction, may additionally require the interaction
being reported to the Committee on Discipline. Write "None" if you used
no unauthorized sources of information.

None

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: In fulfillment of the requirement from section 2.4.3 of the
Academic Regulations in Princeton's Rights, Rules, Responsibilities
guide, enter your name in the space below the following affirmation:

This paper represents my own work in accordance with University
regulations.

/s/ Jonah Johnson

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: In fulfillment of the requirement from section 2.4.3 of the
Academic Regulations in Princeton's Rights, Rules, Responsibilities
guide, enter your name in the space below the following affirmation:

This paper represents my own work in accordance with University
regulations.

/s/ Jeffrey Xu

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What is your assessment of the assignment? Was it helpful?
Was it fun?

Very interesting concept, and it turned out to be not too much work 
during reading period. A+ took more thinking than I expected, through
that made it fun in a way, as there was less spoon-feeding supplemented
by debugging for hours, and instead a half hour of deep thought and 
some quick debugging.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What is your assessment of the assignment? Was it helpful?
Was it fun?

Similar assessment as Jonah; the most challenging part for me was 
thinking about how miniassembler worked. The B attack and A attack
weren't so bad once we understood what we were doing. A+ attack 
took some time to think through.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(optional) What information can you provide about your submission that
will help your grader to grade it in the most favorable light? In
particular, what bugs are in your submission?



------------------------------------------------------------------------
What are your sentences from Step 1?

According to 18 U.S. Code 1030, if you were to use a buffer overrun 
attack to commit fraud or related activity in connection with computers, 
but did not attempt to cause death and did not knowingly or recklessly 
cause death, then you could receive a maximum penalty of 10 years in 
prison.

According to 18 U.S. Code 1030, if you were to use a buffer overrun 
attack to commit fraud or related activity in connection with computers,
and attempted to cause death or knowingly or recklessly caused death, 
then you could receive a maximum penalty of life in prison.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
